docs: add a basic layout for wait strategies in docs (#536)
testcontainers/testcontainers-go: docs/features/wait/http.md

# HTTP(S) Wait strategy

> The HTTP wait strategy will check the result of an HTTP(S) request that is available in the container, being able to set the following conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTTP wait strategy will check the result of an HTTP(S) request against the container and allows to set the following conditions:
```

- the port to be used.
- the path to be used.
- the HTTP method to be used.
- the HTTP request body to be sent.

> - the HTTP status code as a function to resolve a matcher.
> - the HTTP response as a function to resolve a matcher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the HTTP status code matcher as a function.
- the HTTP response matcher as a function.
```

- the TLS config to be used for HTTPS.

> - the startup timeout to be used, default is 60 seconds.
> - the poll interval to be used, default is 100 milliseconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the startup timeout to be used in seconds, default is 60 seconds.
- the poll interval to be used in milliseconds, default is 100 milliseconds.
```
